hello youtube people today I'm going to
show how to move free players in
2015 and also serves for 2014
first they are going to edit
they create the player they want they put the
name they want and the nationality that
want
Once created, they will transfer
they go to the team they want to move their
player
I'm going to move my player to Real Madrid
then they give in to add
they look for the nationality that they put
your player
If he does not appear, they give him in search
they put his name and his nationality
and as you see, the player who
finished creating you give in ok and ready
and as you can see, no player appeared in the
real madrid
good thanks for watching the video subscribe
like it if you liked the video and if
they want me to explain something else
write me thank you and even the
next